hi it's Chris Picard from cycle talk
magazine here I'm at the launch of the
new 2010 Ducati streetfighter
I've written it on the road written it
on the track had a great time but to get
a better appreciation of the technical
aspect of the bike I'm here with Craig
McMartin who's the dental Support
Manager for anything Porter's can you
tell us a little bit about the bike rake
yeah for sure the new our street fighter
is basically new from the ground up you
know it's not like sort of stripped-down
1098 it's a new frame new swingarm new
triple clamps everything about the bike
is new not much of these pretty much
none of this bike will need to change
with a 1098 so it's a completely
purpose-built motorcycle for you know
the naked bike market so it's a
completely new motorbike well we get the
the normal street fighter with 1,100 cc
so the same engine as a 1098 and we also
get the S model which has Overland
suspension what other changes are there
or what are the differences are there
between the regular street fighter and
the S as you said the S version gets the
öhlins front and rear suspension and the
standard ones got Donna Showa the S has
the lightweight forged wheels on it and
then carbon fiber bits and pieces aren't
on it but also the Ducati traction
control which is probably one of the
biggest things that is new for this on
this motorcycle it's an extremely good
traction control so it's it's a really
good thing to have on your motorbike and
how exactly does the traction control on
this work with the lever 98s it's
different to the 1098 R so can you tell
us exactly how the traction control
works yeah for sure the traction control
on the street fighter is basically the
same as the 1198 s so it's less
restrictive than say the 1098 R you've
got your 8 levels of different settings
and eight being the most restrictive all
the way down to one like on the road we
you guys rode them today with the
traction trial on level six and then
once we got to the track we turned it
down to level four so it's quite an easy
you know two-second job to just to
change the level traction control so
it's it
quite good you know you can ride your
motorcycle to the track on on the road
within a level six or whatever you want
and get to the track and turn it down a
bit so it's an extremely you know
advanced traction control system
what sort of horsepower despite putting
out a much less than the 1098 would be
yep
yeah for sure it's it's 155 horsepower
so it's about five less than the 1098
being that's pretty much the same engine
is as at 1098 but Jacobi over change it
around a little bit with cams and and
all that type of thing to give it a
little bit more mid-range a little bit
nicer to ride on the road and not all
its power up in the top-end
ok so they're available in stores now
and and the standard version is 24 990
across on-road and then the S version as
you see here is thirty thousand nine
hundred and ninety-two issue all things
crate should be a big seller
you